readme.md, before:

### Book Exchange App

<!-- ![image](images/quizapp.png) -->


### Description :
This app intents to make the exchange of books between bibliophiles easier. How many times have you, after reading a book, wished that you could simply exchange it with some other book. This app helps you connect with fellow bibliophiles and help you exchange books that you own.

<!-- ### Link to project: https://js-quiz-100devs.netlify.app/admin -->

### How It's Made:
Tech used: React, Node.js,Express.js,Mongodb;

The front end is built using React framework. Views are styled using sass which makes using css way more easier with it's awesome features like nesting, variables, functions etc.Backend has been done using node.js and it got further simplified using express.js. Cloud database makes things even easier and hence MongoDB atlas has been used.  

<!-- ### Optimizations -->

### How to run:
1. Create an .env file under backend/config. Inside it,
2. Add ```port = 'your port here'```
3. Add your databse string: ```DB_URL = 'your db connection string here'```
4. On terminal inside root type ``` npm i ```
5. On terminal inside root/backend type ```npm i```
6. Now go back to root and type ```npm run dev```

### Lessons Learned:
Implementing authentication

Commit message:

Changed the folder structure. Backend is now at the root

readme.md, after:

### Book Exchange App

<!-- ![image](images/quizapp.png) -->


### Description :
This app intents to make the exchange of books between bibliophiles easier. How many times have you, after reading a book, wished that you could simply exchange it with some other book. This app helps you connect with fellow bibliophiles and help you exchange books that you own.

<!-- ### Link to project: https://js-quiz-100devs.netlify.app/admin -->

### How It's Made:
Tech used: React, Node.js,Express.js,Mongodb;

The front end is built using React framework. Views are styled using sass which makes using css way more easier with it's awesome features like nesting, variables, functions etc.Backend has been done using node.js and it got further simplified using express.js. Cloud database makes things even easier and hence MongoDB atlas has been used.  

<!-- ### Optimizations -->

### How to run:
1. Create an .env file under backend/config. Inside it,
2. Add ```port = 'your port here'```
3. Add your databse string: ```DB_URL = 'your db connection string here'```
4. On terminal inside root type ``` npm i ```
5. On terminal inside root/backend type ```npm i```
6. Now go back to root and type ```npm run dev```. The frontend and the backend runs 		      	  concurrently.

### Lessons Learned:
Implementing authentication
